1.5.0.Beta2 announcement (#650)
debezium/debezium.github.io: _posts/2021-03-15-debezium-1-5-beta2-released.adoc

This signal tells Debezium to emit a `SchemaChangeEvent` to the schema changes topic that is based on the changes supplied in the row's `DATA` column (payload).
The format of the `DATA` column must be given in JSON and an example of the format is below.
Additionally, this signal will also have Debezium update it's in-memory representation of the table's schema structure.

As an example, we have a PostgreSQL table `s1.a` where we want to add a new column `aa`:

```json
{
  "database": "postgres",
  "changes": [{
    "type": "ALTER",
    "id": "s1.a",
    "table": {
      "defaultCharsetName": null,
      "primaryKeyColumnNames": [ "pk" ],
      "columns": [{
        "name": "pk",
        "jdbcType": 4,
        "nativeType": 23,
        "typeName": "serial",
        "typeExpression": "serial",
        "charsetName": null,
        "length": 10,
        "scale", 0,
        "position": 1,
        "optional": false,
        "autoIncremented": true,
        "generated": false
      }, {
        "name": "aa",
        "jdbcType": 4,
        "nativeType": 23,
        "typeName": "int4",
        "typeExpression": "int4",
        "charsetName": null,
        "length": 10,

>         "scale", 0,

Reviewer: Should be colon, not comma, also see above

        "position": 2,
        "optional": true,
        "autoIncremented": false,
        "generated": false
      }]
    }
  }]
}
```

With this JSON payload, the signal would be inserted as:

```sql
INSERT INTO DEBEZIUM_SIGNALS (ID, TYPE, DATA) VALUES ('1', 'schema-changes', <json-payload-string>);
```

> 

Reviewer 2: A sentence is needed why one would want to use this: Corner cases around schema changes for Postgres (PK type changes, changes to allowed values of enum columns), schema changes for Oracle (in absence of a DDL parser).

Also let's point out it's an incubating feature for the time being.

> == Other Features and Fixes

Reviewer 2: Nothing else of interest to mention, out of 56 issues?

Author: I added a few more things that seemed noteworthy.  If there is something specific you'd like me to add let me know as most of the changes were either documentation, bugfixes, or general polish afaict.

This improvement has lead to the `SET` data type now being supported by the Debezium Vitess connector.
This data type will be emitted as an `EnumSet` that will now contain all the permissible values of the column's `SET` definition.

== Other Features and Fixes

Besides the Signal Table and Vitess SET support, a few other improvements and fixes found their way into this release.

* The Debezium connector for Oracle now uses the LogMiner-based capturing implementation by default.
In order to use the XStream-based implementation, the `database.connection.adapter` option must be explicitly set to `xstream` (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3241[DBZ-3241]).

* In an earlier release of Debezium 1.5, the Oracle connector began to emit `NUMBER(1)` data types as `BOOLEAN`.
Rather than this conversion be implicitly done by the connector, this behavior has been moved to an OOTB converter, `NumberOneToBooleanConverter`,
that can be used as needed (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3208[DBZ-3208]).

* System generated index-organized tables (tables that begin with `SYS_IOT_OVER`) are ignored by the Oracle connector (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3036[DBZ-3036])

> * Debezium server's kenesis sink can be configured with an endpoint by specifying `debezium.sink.kenesis.endpoint` (https://www.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3246[DBZ-3246]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Debezium Server's sink for AWS Kinesis can be configured with an endpoint by specifying `debezium.sink.kinesis.endpoint` (https://www.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3246[DBZ-3246]).
```
